we've had some spectacular dances and
incredible champions
over the years but there is one who
stands out amongst them all
in 2014 she became the first celebrity
to receive a perfect 40
for every single performance in the
final and she lit up the strictly
ballroom
every single week it is of course
caroline flack
i love carol and i mean she was such fun
great to be with i mean she really was a
joy tell you
sweet caroline that was terrific sweet
caroline
caroline flack when whenever she was
around you you couldn't help but smile
and laugh
you could tell that she just loved every
moment of being on strictly
i loved it yeah after every second of it
the audience are amazing
about patch is amazing you are one
natural
performer and one natural dancer i think
for me caroline was
probably one of the best best dancers
we've ever had coming to strictly come
dancing
um i think even from week one she did a
cha-cha with pasha and she just
blew everyone away i really loved it
we saw how she transformed into that
beautiful dancer dancer with a big heart
on her sleeve
[Music]
she could turn her hand to any
style of dance and be incredible
to perform three dancers
in the final to that level is phenomenal
caroline was the first celebrity to
get free time the perfect
40 in a final thank you
very much she had so many great moments
on the show
i love the charleston that she did with
pasha it's probably one of my favorite
charleston
i've ever seen but i think for me the
highlight was
um her showdowns
yeah she was very very into it you can
feel that she was just lost in that
moment she just wanted to dance her
heart out and dance what she was feeling
and dance
with her everything and i think as a
dancer and as a performer
you can't ask for more watching her do
it i was so proud of her
dancing their showdowns caroline flack
and pasha kovalev
does an ancient
contemplate my faith
[Music]
so when i'm lying in my bed
thoughts running through my head
and i feel the love is dead
i'm loving angels instead
and through it
[Music]
she won't forsake me
i'm loving angels instead
[Music]
she offers me protection
sometimes a whisper is louder than a
shout and this was
quiet it was understated just gorgeous
storytelling
[Music]
you have such an emotional connection
and sincerity
that you convey with every move you just
speak with your body
everything is crystal clear there are no
lies there
just talent
i just remember watching caroline's show
dance and just thinking
she's won and she so deserves to win
there was just something about caroline
that night she was
beaming and so for it to just all
culminate in that one moment
and i can now reveal the strictly come
dancing champions
2014 ah caroline
we won strictly come dancing
incredible
what an amazing moment but what an
amazing moment
i think people that watched caroline on
strictly would just
remember her as an absolutely stunning
performer she was just beautiful
to watch and
[Music]
it just meant so much to her
[Applause]
but they are that's amazing thank you my
heart
has melted you are absolutely
phenomenal i think overall she would
probably have said that her strictly
journey was just
magical
[Music]
watching her do that show dance and
touches how beautiful she looked in
white
you know i think is a memory that i'm
going to hold
really really close to my heart
[Music]
that felt so forever so much fun
strictly it's a big family every year
you learn that and i'm glad caroline
experienced that and i could not imagine
a better partner
getting to the final and winning with
caroline was such an incredible
experience and that series will always
have a special place
in my heart
[Music]
i'm just so happy that she was able to
pick up that glitter ball and
win it and just give it her off you know
she was just amazing
[Applause]
we'll always love caroline and we'll
never forget her
we love you my love
this has been the best experience
you